(EAI-141): Add link to dev center blog post in README (#241)
mongodb/chatbot: README.md

- ChatGPT API: LLM to pre-process user queries and summarize responses to user queries.
- OpenAI Embeddings API: Create vector embeddings for user queries and content. Used by Atlas Vector Search.

> To learn more about how we built the chatbot, checkout the the MongoDB Developer Center blog post

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about how we built the chatbot, check out the MongoDB Developer Center blog post
```
